good people today I'm going to teach you how you say carney the body all
the others
there
These know what I did now.
There you go.
so you go in notepad
Then you write the word come
chou timbu
not
separation - this end
space - order
space
I put with a strip that people, for example, the fish I'm going to put
my
Bye, bye, world.
after closed
Hey you
give it to me
who sees
there / mp-ma you put there you put the time
what
or you points with the pt
there you put it in
the prosecutor if turned off for example I will put of 60
5 minutes
There you fashion saving
Paul the second part
You can save the night you want but only in the end you do not have to
landed butt
I'm going to put a neighbor who had
the little point batocchio
are facts
here and if you have to take
we are strange
good car click amnesty world
ops the system is being shut down Salesians there are jobs
changes
the operation was started per user such total
in this people present
After you enter to cancel your time this reference this
disconnection of the lessor you will say
execute on me
Xingu kick by auburn
- You rock there?
I must say, I cancel it.
Good thing this is that I can send you but half to send you by msn
you have to separate
because of mendes if you send but ceni msn will say that it is a
file here and incompatible clinical body this is a file
compatible with sln so you avoid iel is important demand premier syrian
Good, this was a video lesson.
unions as with other